feat: add alt text to images and enable accessibility checks (#472)
ianlewis/www.ianlewis.org: en/_posts/2017-07-14-building-go-applications-google-container-builder.md

render_with_liquid: false
---

> <img class="align-center" src="/assets/images/764/container-builder-go.png" alt="Google Container Builder with Go gopher mascot">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img class="align-center" src="/assets/images/764/container-builder-go.png" alt="A ship carrying containers with a Go gopher mascot riding on it">
```
